README.md, before:

# Bryan Chasko's Flask Website 🌟

This project is a portfolio website showcasing Bryan Chasko's professional experience, projects, and blog posts. It's built using Flask, HTML templates, and AWS S3 for deployment.

## Table of Contents 📜

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Overview ℹ️

This Flask-based website serves as Bryan Chasko's portfolio. It includes sections for:

- **Home**: Introduction and summary
- **Experience**: Detailed professional experience and accomplishments
- **Portfolio**: Showcasing various projects
- **Blog**: Articles and thoughts
- **Contact**: Methods to get in touch

## Project Structure 📂

The main directories and files include:

- `app.py`: Flask application setup and routing
- `templates/`: HTML templates for different sections
- `build/`: Directory containing the built HTML files
- `README.md`: Project overview and instructions (you're reading it!)

## Installation 🚀

1. Clone the repository.
2. Set up a virtual environment: `python -m venv venv` and activate it.
3. Install the dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

## Usage 🖥️

To run the Flask app locally:

```bash
python app.py

Commit message:

now syncing to s3, see updated readme for how. side navigation results in file download rather than navigation, indicating local navigation is using dynamic principals that arent working for us on s3 static website hosting.

README.md, after:

# Bryan Chasko's Flask Website 🌟

This project is a website built using Flask, Python, HTML templates, and AWS S3 for deployment. The intent is to utilize as much python as possible throughout the website.

## Next Steps - Routing & setting up custom domain with route53

## Table of Contents 📜

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Project Structure 📂

The main directories and files include:

- `app.py`: Flask application setup and routing
- `templates/`: HTML templates for different sections
- `build/`: Directory containing the built HTML files
- `README.md`: Project overview and instructions (you're reading it!)

## Installation 🚀

1. Clone the repository.
2. Set up a virtual environment: `python3 -m venv foo_venv` and activate it.
3. Install the dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

## Usage 🖥️

To run the Flask app locally:

```bash
python3 app.py
```

## Build
flask-freeze will create a "build" folder with the built flask project. you're ready to sync the build folder contents to s3.

## Deploy to s3 static website hosting
from your build directory, run:
```bash
aws s3 sync . s3://bryanchaskoflasksite2024/ --delete
```
